So now, we have the organizational
problem of, well, where are we gonna go?
Do we go to Amazon?
Do we go to Google?
Ao we go to Azure, right?
Or do we use something else like
some kind of boutique solution or
something like that.
Developer problems
[LAUGH] I love this GIF.
It made me feel so yeah,
I've gone through this quite a bit.
What do I do?
And this is this is pretty common with
developers to be honest with you.
More often than not, there's two things.
Whenever a developer says like,
what do I do?
I do what's going on?
One it probably means a developer
hasn't been educated well enough.
And I don't mean technical?
[LAUGH] I mean, they don't know
the specific internal knowledge, right?
Maybe they don't know how
to do deployments, right?
to do configurations and
their deployment just failed, right?
What do I do?
What do I do, right?
These are the developer problems that
we actually deal with quite often.
So, when we look at developer problems,
you're immediately gonna see a massive
shift and their perspective versus ours.
[LAUGH] Source control, right?
Somebody gets hired into a company,
how do I edit my code, right?
How do we do it securely?
Service management?
How do I create my services, right?
How do I manage my services?
Continuous integration, right?
How do I make sure that
my code changes are okay.
And then finally,
continuous delivery, right?
Now, at the bottom, I note that
developers only deal with code and
mechanisms to deploying it.
I really think that this is something
that every company should follow.
Why?
Because that's all they care about.
[LAUGH] In all honesty, a dev does not
really care about why logs aren't working.
They don't really know, potentially,
why or even how that may have happened.
And it can create tendencies of,
I don't wanna say conflict but
miscommunication or it's like no,
I'm just trying to help you but
what's really happening is you're dealing
with a pain point in our systems and
I have to help you out of this now.
If you have circumstances like that,
where you find yourself where
developers rely on you to move forward,
that is a developer problem, and
that's something that should be fixed.
So when we talk about source control,
right.
What are we talking about
that developers care about?
Well, developers wanna know
how to access repos, right.
They wanna know how to get to their repos.
Branch protections and policies.
Again, massively important.
Developers will just merge things.
[LAUGH] They do not care.
And that's not to be rude, but it's simply
because we've gotten to a point now where
there's expectations within
the developer experience, right?
Developers expect to see status checks,
and if it's not there, then they just go,
okay, well [LAUGH] It didn't say it,
right?
So having branch protections, do not
let anyone push to main, lock it down.
You can't even, you should not
even be able to push to main.
As a matter of fact, and
this is how crazy I am,
I can't even push to main
in my own private repos.
[LAUGH] Because in the off chance that
I do, I could break something in prom.
And when I'm doing my own personal
projects or I'm working on stream and
stuff like that, it still means that I
wanna make sure everything's working
fine and things like that.
And yeah, if you accidentally push
to main or force push or whatever,
it's just so
hard to know what's gonna happen,
unless you really understand
the changes that you're about to make.
Having integration before that
that can run before that,
check everything is really crucial.
If you're at a company right now that
lets you push to main, that has to stop.
[LAUGH] That has to stop.
Developers must have standardized
procedures to manage code efficiently.
You have to create those procedures.
Then part of that process is gonna
be figuring out what they like.
[LAUGH] Because sometimes
the procedures that you make
aren't necessarily
the ones that they like.
Sometimes you have to keep those
procedures, sometimes they can be changed.
But part of working through these
problems especially is to work together.
Like seriously it really is.
Service management,
now this is interesting.
A few of you might even look at this and
be like, wait,
why are developers managing services?
What does that mean?
Well, when we think about what
do developers care about,
they do care about configuration, right?
They do care about what their
environment is, the current state of it.
Yeah.
>> Just a general question.
>> Yeah.
>> How do you suggest you deal
with a hot fix emergency?
Usually an argument for
leaving backdoors on the main branch?
>> Yeah, don't do it, don't do it.
My job is a lot about telling people no.
If you are at an organization
where you do not feel like you can
express as a what you're being paid to do,
which is, hey,
we need to make sure that we do this
in a way that's safely secure and
it can be a fire, but like understand
that with fires, we put them out as fire.
Yeah, fire like brigade,
not as just like, don't do that.
So there still has to be policy and
practices even in that process.
So, basically you just tell them,
okay, just take a deep breath.
[LAUGH] So open up the PR and
let's figure this out, and
if that process takes a long time,
that's a problem, right?
If you're hot fixes take
like three hours to do,
then the thing you guys are really arguing
about is that it takes three hours
to do a hot fix not that like which
approach is better or not, right?
And that's another part of determining
what's the actual problem, right?
When you get into
an argument with somebody,
it's very easy to get distracted
by what you two are talking about.
But the reality of it is it might not even
be the problem that you guys are trying to
actually solve.
So really determining why are we
feeling the way we're feeling right
now is actually pretty important
to solving the problem.
So yeah, don't do it and
reevaluate your practices so
that those things don't become
as difficult in the future.